The materials this time are based on the theme of school
festivals, and the previous one also had a theme of citations
in university reports.
It’s amazing; I think it explains copyright in a way that is easy to
understand, using things that are familiar to university students
as teaching materials.
I hope you will take a look at this and learn something that will be
useful for your school life.
Thank you very much.
Once again, my name is Ryusei Ishida, and I played the role of Naoya.
To all the students watching this, the content is going to be very challenging but it is definitely something that is close to us.
Although it is called copyright; it is a law, so, it will be a shock to you
when you later realize that you have been living your life and have violated it without even noticing.
That’s why we made these videos, and now that you are watching them, I hope you will be able to apply them in real life.
I, too, have been in the same position as these students.
When I watched the videos from the first to the last and thought back to the times when I did things like this or that,
or when I did stuff like this in high school, I was surprised to find that some of the things I did may not have been so good.
So, let’s not make the same mistakes. Let’s respect copyrights and live a happy life together.
Thank you.
I hope these videos will be of some help to you
in your studies and such.
Well, it might be a little difficult. I don’t know what to say.
Throughout these videos on copyright, I realized that there were
so many things that I didn’t know or understand at all.
Still, when I watched them, I realized how important copyright is.
I believe that students will have more and more opportunities
to learn about citations and copyrights,
so I hope you will take this opportunity to watch and study
these videos and use them in the future.
Well, compared to when I was a student;
social media and the Internet are much more accessible
and familiar to us now.
I think that many things that were considered normal and safe
for our generation and that of students’ parents,
are things you have to be careful of now.
I think there are a lot of things that we have to think about
very closely.
I hope these videos will make your life more enjoyable.